hey guys welcome to lingo marina channel
and welcome to my new studio setup I
decided to move to my guest bedroom and
this is what everything looks like here
I am planning to post this video on my
birthday so the birthday birthday so
you're probably watching it somewhere
around my birthday first homework to you
is to guess my age down in comments
below and I'm gonna like comments that
are correct and I decided to make this
video special I decided to make it less
educational and more fun and in this
video we're gonna talk about fun facts
about the English language so that the
next time when you're in the company of
other English learners and English
speakers you could be like did you know
that there are more English speakers in
China and than in the US so that kind of
stuff so if you're interested in
learning those facts continue watching
this video
[Music]
[Applause]
fun fact number one a new word is added
to the dictionary every two hours that
means that around 4,000 new words are
added to the English dictionary every
single year serious and that's because
there is air B&B for example I'm air
bein being and my friend or you google
something have you googled this so with
the new companies with new trends there
are so many things that we're adopting
as English speakers so yeah 4,000 words
every year fact number two more people
have learned English language as their
second language and there are native
speakers in the world so guess what if
every English language student one to
practice one-on-one with the native
speaker that wouldn't be enough native
speakers for everyone to practice this
is so cool to realize and this really
proves that English is this universal
language that you have to know wherever
you are whatever you doing English is
the language of everything so it's a
really good thing that you're here right
now that means that you are learning
this magical language this begins now
and then I'm gonna read two words to you
and you're gonna read them with me
supercalifragilistic expialidocious and
this is not the longest word in English
this word means fantastic it was
popularized by the movie Mary Poppins
but however there is a word that's even
longer let's try and read it together
NUMA ultra-microscopic silica volcano
canosa's it's a type of a lung disease
caused by inhaling ash and dust and that
is the longest word in English try and
memorize it and then maybe use it in a
conversation I'm kidding don't do it
that's almost ceaseless the next fact is
english is the language of the air and
that means that every pilot has to know
english because everything that's
happening in the sky is in english the
next one fact the average english
speaker knows between 20,000 to 30,000
words that means that an average person
in the street would understand those
words but people don't really use all of
them so yes if they're reading
literature if they are reading a
textbook in some subject they would
understand but on average people use
like 10,000 words and if they use like
30,000 that means they are probably a
professor at a university so they know a
lot of specific vocabulary for their
subject do you know what's the most used
word in English it's the word I and I I
there you go most used word the next or
the fact I don't know how useful it is
but maybe it is if you write down all
the numbers as words like if you write
down 1 2 3 4 5 6 and you go on and on
and on there won't be ever letter B
until you reach billion by the way guys
I am really happy that one of my
favorite online learning platforms is
sponsoring this video
Skillshare is the sponsor of this video
I was preparing this ad I was
researching new courses that they have
and I've stumbled upon Greg McCune he
wrote the essential is like one of the
best books out there he's talking about
how to optimize your environment to be
more productive how to stop worrying
about things that don't matter I read it
maybe like six months ago and it really
helped me change my life and by the way
this space I have it thanks to that book
because I realized I need to create a
space for work in my apartment and that
was inspired by Greg and he has his own
video course on Skillshare and guys if
you haven't read the book and or if you
have read the book you have to take this
course because again it reminds you when
you need to focus on when you need to
pay attention to you don't have to worry
about things that don't matter
you don't have to say yes to everything
you have to learn to say no the link
will be below highly encourage you
because this guy is amazing and the
platform itself is amazing really easy
to use and there's always the first 500
subscribers who hit the link below this
video will get to three months of skill
shares so you can just go ahead and
enjoy the course by Greg by the way if
you don't know what skill share is skill
share is an online learning community
that offers membership with meaning it
offers a great variety of different
courses on different topics like video
creation photography productivity that's
one of my favorite or you know
videography editing whatever you're
interested in go ahead and explore your
creativity or if you're interested in
becoming more productive
Greg's course is right there for you
he's gonna teach you how to navigate
through your life and again the first
500 subscribers so hit the link below
we'll get two months off Skillshare for
free and by the way if you decide to
proceed with skill share and annual
subscription is less than ten dollars a
month the next fun fact is that the word
good has over 380 synonyms in English
and it makes
words that has the most synonyms and
remember I made a couple of videos where
it told you never say okay never say
good never say this this and that
because can you realize there are over
300 synonyms to the word good and if you
keep saying good over and over and over
again that makes your speech boring and
you want to sound interesting you want
to sound more like a native speaker and
a native speaker would use a lot of
different words so good can be replaced
with many other options the next one
fact is that after American Revolution
people in America decided to make a
language different from British and they
thought that British English had too
much of things that are not necessary
like for example color in British you
would insert you and you make it a six
letter word in American it would be
without you and the five letter word and
there are many other words like this
like program or catalog and this what
makes American English different and the
first American Dictionary was published
in 1806 and this is how American people
proclaimed independence from Great
Britain they even created their own
language the next for the fact there is
a word Q and it actually has five
letters but it's pronounced the same way
as his first letter Q and if you don't
know what it means it means line so when
you come to a cafe in the US on a Sunday
morning people will be queuing or lining
up waiting for their turn to order food
the word synonym it's one of the few
words in English language that doesn't
have a synonym the next one fact you
know when we want to say the day after
tomorrow we say the day after tomorrow
but there is actually a word like one
word for it over morrow that means the
day after tomorrow there is this word
it's in the dictionary it's just people
don't use it anymore did you know that
Shakespeare has added over a thousand
new words to the English language when
he was writing his master thesis
he included more and more words and
people just continued using them some of
examples addiction when you're addicted
to a drug when you're addicted to
another person that word was created by
Shakespeare this is an addiction cold
blooded when you are cruel and you don't
have any emotions about that like there
are cold-blooded murderers who kill
people that word is also by Shakespeare
oh yeah cold bloody swagger when you're
boasting disrespectful unjustifiable
swagger break the ice when you were
solid and then you start a conversation
you break the ice I'll break the ice
although those words created by
Shakespeare that's amazing like I feel
this is such a huge accomplishment like
he lives through those words when we use
them in our speeches
she experienced alive that's an amazing
footprint you can leave behind and the
last but not the least fun fact there
are words in the English language that
don't have a meaning and they actually
have a special term they're called ghost
words they appeared because somebody
made a typo when they were working on
the dictionary one of the examples is
stored it was in the dictionary for
eight years in the mid twentieth century
it didn't have any meaning it goes to
word door thank you guys so much for
watching this video up to the very end
if you're not yet subscribed to this
channel hit the red button subscribe and
smash the like button for the algorithms
so that it knows that this video is
great and recommend it to other people
thank you so much and I look forward to
seeing you in my next vlog bye